---
layout: post
title: "Rorik Journal 2: The Living Dungeon"
category: "journal-entry"
author: Rorik
session: 2
published: true
---

##Business Endeavour Number 268
###Objective: Run recon on the Orc forces that are on the edge of The Dwarf King's territory
###Observations:
Doin' jobs for important people is a necessity in a mercenaries line of work. You prove that yer useful and people will not only pay you gold but will also bail you out of trouble. They might only bail you out so that you can continue doing there dirty work, but thats beside the point. Jobs from important shot-callers are always good.

The Dwarf King is quite possibly one of the most well-payin' endeavours that mercenaries can come by. The Dwarf King's got a lot of clout in terms of world powers, but more importantly he's got a lot of clout in the world of "liquid assets". The Dwarf King authorized some of the first jobs I had ever taken and I've done a lot of jobs for him since then. My work over the years has recently landed me in the pool of mercenaries that The Dwarf King sends contracts to personally, and this job will be the first of these lucrative contracts. After the battle at the Elven Outpost, I received a letter detailin' the mission that I had been given. Orc forces had been spotted near the edge of The Dwarf King's terrritory and they needed to know whether or not to prepare for orc raids. I've never done recon work myself, but from the stories that I hear in the taverns, it ain't pretty. Men can spend months following the targets of recon work before something worth reportin' happens. I was lookin' forward to sittin in a cave or worse for at least a couple of week, but it was either recon work or continue workin' with my most recent "party" and potentially givin' up Glazentorg. The former of the two options was the obvious choice. 

Getting to the area that the Orcs had been seen was easy, the problem was finding them before they found me. Thankfully, they had set up camp about a couple hundred meters from a cliffside. The immediate area showed signs of Orc so they were patrollin' the area, bad sign. Orcs that patrolled at all had some sense of organization, Orcs that patrolled along areas with a tactical advantage showed that they were being led by one of the Orc Chiefs. An Orc Chief with a force this size was definitely settin' up to do some raidin', but knowing which Orc Chieftain it was would give valuable intel to my employeers. But in order to do that, I would need some armor from a volunteer. The spot I was already at would be perfect for ambushin' an Orc patrol, all I needed to do was wait. Close to sunset the patrol came into view, a total of 4 generously equipped Orcs. As they walked past I silently cut two of them down, but after they hit the ground their buddies rounded about to face me. Armored Orcs can be a bit tricky but as long as you keep a reasonable distance on them, their sweepin' blows are easy enough to dodge. The other two eventually got too tired to lift their sword which made them easy pickin's for Glazentorg. After choosin' the smelliest set of armor I could find (you gotta get the smelly armor so as they don't sniff you out), I mustered up as much primal Orc as I had in me and set of to the camp. Making my way to the biggest tent in the middle of a camp of thousands of feral Orcs was a challenge but was worth the effort. Glancing into the tent showed a couple of Orc Chieftains gathered around a war table. Urag the Ravisher, and Raguk the Grim were present along with third Chieftain who I didn't recognize. At this point I had stayed long enough. I left as quickly as I could and headed for Forge to report what I had seen.

Forge was a welcome sight after days on the road, but the taverns would have to wait until after I had delivered my report. The Council of Elders were satisfied with my statement and thanked me with a hefty bag of gold with a few gems as an added bonus for identifyin' the Cheiftains present. I was on my way out when they told me they had another job for me. They said that it was a simple errand but that the message had to be a first hand account on the Orc's movements. It sounded much less difficult and dangerous so I didn't bother to hear the details. The dwarves gave me the letter detailin' the contract and I saw myself out, eager to complete another high profile job. It wasn't until after I had left the Grand Hall that I read through the contract and realized that I was in a whole new mess of trouble. The report of the Orc movements was to be delivered to the Court of Stars, home of the orginal owners of Glazentorg. Of all the "allies" that The Dwarf King had, he was sendin' me to deliver positive information to the race that gave him the most grief on a daily basis. The Council might have thought this would be a simple errand, but this was lookin' more like a prison sentence to me. Jobs from important shot-callers are always good, aren't they?