---
layout: post
title: "Orin Journal 1: Blood and Lightning"
category: "journal-entry"
author: Orin
session: 1
published: true
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Hey Dad. Been awhile since we spoke. I'm not much good at this letter thing... How are the twins doing? They must be near 12 now. Probably hard for them with you working the forge all day and without mother to raise them. And how's Dhan? Is he still as keen on the forge as I remeber? He'll be a man soon enough. Anyways, enough of that, I have some news. Last month, the caravan I was with got attacked by some thieves of that damned Prince of Darkness. They killed over half of us, and looted everything. I'm fine, I escaped with some others, but we parted ways in Concord. I ended up joining a pretty interesting group of travellers to help out the Elf Queen, I figured my services would be pretty handy, you taught me to be pretty decent with a blade. Our party consisted of a wizard, a bard, a mercenary, a rogue, and me. Apparently some tower called Boltstrike Pillar had been attacked and some "magic" sword must be protected. Yep, a "magic" sword, can you believe that dad? Honestly I'd just prefer good old hand forged steel in my hands, but back to our travels. Two days went by without a hint of this attack, but then on the third day we were ambushed by goblins. Fortunately, they weren't much of a problem though, not the first time I've come across goblins. Eventually we reached the tower, and the elves were definately worried about whatever this sword is. We met two, the leader named Quellis, and her lieutenant Zanj. I haven't seen too many elves when I was with the caravan, but I'm certainly glad I met this one; credit where credit is due, Quellis was certainly a beauty. I guess our bard took quite a liking to her, what with him being an elf as well. We stayed in the tower for awhile to rest while the elves here perfomed some ritual. Shortly afterward though, that Zanj guy came and informed us they had detected some more goblins in a cave nearby so we were sent to investigate. When we arrived, there was nothing left but charred and sliced up bodies. It was horrific! Brought me back to the attack we had on the caravan, and that is something I'd like to forget. The cave was nothing but bodies, but by the looks of things there was hundreds of them, and they even had a dragon with them! I think I'm going to see more on this one adventure than I did in all my days with the caravans. We did get hit with some magic trap on our way out of the cave though, but it was more annoying than anything. Anyways, now we are making our way back to the tower, and from here things don't look so good...Rorik is telling us to speed up, seems like the tower is in trouble. Hopefully I'll get to see you, Dhan, and the young ones again sometime this winter, keep the fire lit for me. Love you guys, -Orin.